Add `New Featured Artist: SEPHID` news post (#6056)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2021-09-04-new-featured-artist-sephid.md

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/196/Songs/SEPHID%20-%20Critical%20Cannonball%20(Extended%20ver.).mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

### Fu Xiang Di Xin De Luo Ri Liu Hao ~ Little Raven

Or check out [this awesome beatmap](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1173187) hosted by [Realazy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/918297)

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/196/Songs/SEPHID%20feat.%20darkxixin%20-%20Fu%20Xiang%20Di%20Xin%20De%20Luo%20Ri%20Liu%20Hao%20%7E%20Little%20Raven.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

### Enneaquest

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/196/Songs/SEPHID%20-%20Enneaquest.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

### The Next Arcady

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/196/Songs/SEPHID%20-%20The%20Next%20Arcady.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

---

If you managed to survive this long without visiting [**SEPHID**'s Featured Artist listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/196), you might have a serious problem. Please talk to your doctor or visit **SEPHID**'s page as soon as possible — whichever is most convenient.

> Unrelated, you may notice a new "Featured Artist" badge on certain beatmaps! Recognition, huzzah!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unrelated, but you may have noticed a new "Featured Artist" badge on certain beatmaps! Recognition, huzzah!
```
